I'm Avril Hopwood.
Thank you Avril.
My grandmother was Marjorie Roach.
And then there's Kenneth Roach and Ruth Roach, my mum.
And then little Avril Roach.
The thing is, my father is very well known.
It doesn't matter where he goes within the county, north or south.
Oh, Ken Roach.
It's like so many people know him.
They farmed in Llanboydy.
My father worked on the estate in Bracely until he led in the army.
And then he became a bricklayer.
But no matter where you go, even if you go into a pub somewhere, someone knows him.
Oh, Ken Roach.
We used to go camping, apparently, when I was a very young child, up in the Bracelys.
It's like 50 years ago.
It was quite a trek to go to the Bracelys, if you can imagine all the lanes.
Cairw was brought up first when I was very young.
And my grandmother is from the Bracely area.
She was born in the Aberston area, so south of the county.
She didn't speak Welsh, but we often went camping apparently up in the mountains.
And I love these photos because it's before my brother was born.
And we all look so young, as we do.
It's the things you used to bring.
There's even a teapot with a tea cozy on it.
I mean, who'd bring a tea cozy camping?
You wouldn't dream of that today.
But yeah, I know we used to have a lot of fun.
Me digging in the mud.
Got to dig in the mud, haven't we?
Like some mud pies.
I'm sure there must have been water somewhere because wherever...
I always found water apparently.
I was always wet.
We used to play in this...
There's a few streams coming down the Bracelys, and they seem to have been less of them now than they were when I was little.
I remember even as a young girl, there were more of a stream.
Whereas now they're like trickles.
But before you could even find the facial tadpoles and things.
But nowadays you don't seem to see that in them, which is a shame.
Because I used to bring my girls up when they were young as well.
I live in Haverdwast.
But I'm again, like, from Caerw originally.
And then we went to Lanffy.
I think we slept in the van.
From what I remember.
Really, it was like it had a very big bed at the back.
A very big open bed with bench sheets.
So I think my father slept out under the van.
From what I've been told.
My grandmother and me, me cutched in the middle.
Bless.
It's only from what I've been told.
They more than likely had a mattress in there, I wouldn't be surprised.
I really wouldn't.
It wasn't sleeping bags then.
It was quilts and blankets.
But it does look as though it wasn't too cold.
It looks like it's summer.
So it's not too bad.
Nice silk quilts.
My grandmother had two or three of them.
And they, I don't know what became of them, which is a shame.
But I'm lucky enough to have nearly all their photos.